Update troubleshooting.md (#9257)
braze-inc/braze-docs: _includes/developer_guide/swift/push_notifications/troubleshooting.md

If [APNs](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/NetworkingInternet/Conceptual/RemoteNotificationsPG/APNSOverview.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40008194-CH8-SW1) informs us that any of the push tokens we were attempting to send a message to are invalid, we remove those tokens from the user profiles they were associated with.

{% alert note %}

> It is normal for APNs to initially return a success status even if a token has become unregistered, as APNs does not immediately report token invalidation events. APNs intentionally delays returning a 410 Gone status for invalid tokens on a randomized schedule, designed to protect user privacy and prevent tracking of app uninstallations. You can safely continue sending notifications to an unregistered token until APNs returns a 410 status.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It's normal for APNs to initially return a success status even if a token becomes unregistered, as APNs doesn't immediately report token invalidation events. APNs intentionally delays returning a `410` status for invalid tokens on a randomized schedule, designed to protect user privacy and prevent tracking of app uninstalls. You can safely continue sending notifications to an unregistered token until APNs returns a `410` status.
```

If [APNs](https://developer.apple.com/library/content/documentation/NetworkingInternet/Conceptual/RemoteNotificationsPG/APNSOverview.html#//apple_ref/doc/uid/TP40008194-CH8-SW1) informs us that any of the push tokens we were attempting to send a message to are invalid, we remove those tokens from the user profiles they were associated with.

> {% alert note %} It is normal for APNs to initially return a success status even if a token has become unregistered, as APNs does not immediately report token invalidation events. APNs intentionally delays returning a 410 Gone status for invalid tokens on a randomized schedule, designed to protect user privacy and prevent tracking of app uninstallations. You can safely continue sending notifications to an unregistered token until APNs returns a 410 status. {% endalert %}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{% alert note %}
It is normal for APNs to initially return a success status even if a token has become unregistered, as APNs does not immediately report token invalidation events. APNs intentionally delays returning a 410 Gone status for invalid tokens on a randomized schedule, designed to protect user privacy and prevent tracking of app uninstallations. You can safely continue sending notifications to an unregistered token until APNs returns a 410 status.
{% endalert %}
```
